delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
delete Box
print cell background
set isvalid to false
print status bar
